Reolink clearify data updates (#35860)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/reolink.markdown

If an entity listed below has an asterisk (*) next to its name, it means it is disabled by default. To use such an entity, you must [enable the entity](/common-tasks/general/#enabling-entities) first.

> ## Data updates: plus (+) next to entities listed in this documentation
> 
> If an entity listed below has an plus (+) next to its name, it means this entity supports push updates. These entities will have almost instant state changes. 
> For redundancy, the state of all entities is also polled every 60 seconds. For entities withouth a plus (+) this is the only update method. Therefore a state change of the device can take up to 60 seconds to be reflected for those entities in Home Assistant.
> An exception is the firmware update entity which is being polled every 12 hours.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Data updates: plus (+) next to entities listed in this documentation

If an entity listed below has a plus (+) next to its name, it means this entity supports push updates. These entities will have almost instant state changes. 
For redundancy, the state of all entities is also polled every 60 seconds. For entities without a plus (+), this is the only update method. Therefore, a device's state change can take up to 60 seconds to be reflected in Home Assistant.
An exception is the firmware update entity, which is polled every 12 hours.
```
